Dhall-in-production.md, before:

This section covers confirmed uses of Dhall in production.  You can open an issue if you would like to list your company here:

## [AlasConnect](http://alasconnect.com/)

Uses Haskell bindings to Dhall to configure application servers

## [Awake Security](https://awakesecurity.com/)

Uses Haskell bindings to Dhall to simplify redundant appliance cluster configurations

## [Cachix](https://github.com/cachix/cachix)

Uses `dhall-haskell` to persist user configuration between command line interface invocations.

## [CircuitHub](https://circuithub.com/)

Uses Dhall to configure command-line applications (i.e. as an alternative to a JSON configuration)

## [Formation](https://formation.ai/)

Uses Dhall customized with additional built-ins as a serializable domain-specific language

## [IOHK](https://iohk.io/)

Uses `dhall-to-yaml` to simplify redundant runtime configuration

## [KSF Media](https://github.com/KSF-Media)

Uses `dhall-kubernetes`, `dhall-to-yaml` and `dhall-to-text` to configure, modularize and template Terraform and Kubernetes configurations

## [NoRedInk](https://t.co/FTLTeyzykY)

Uses `dhall` to configure their build process

Commit message:

Add Mira Networks to Dhall in Production

Dhall-in-production.md, after:

This section covers confirmed uses of Dhall in production.  You can open an issue if you would like to list your company here:

## [AlasConnect](http://alasconnect.com/)

Uses Haskell bindings to Dhall to configure application servers

## [Awake Security](https://awakesecurity.com/)

Uses Haskell bindings to Dhall to simplify redundant appliance cluster configurations

## [Cachix](https://github.com/cachix/cachix)

Uses `dhall-haskell` to persist user configuration between command line interface invocations.

## [CircuitHub](https://circuithub.com/)

Uses Dhall to configure command-line applications (i.e. as an alternative to a JSON configuration)

## [Formation](https://formation.ai/)

Uses Dhall customized with additional built-ins as a serializable domain-specific language

## [IOHK](https://iohk.io/)

Uses `dhall-to-yaml` to simplify redundant runtime configuration

## [KSF Media](https://github.com/KSF-Media)

Uses `dhall-kubernetes`, `dhall-to-yaml` and `dhall-to-text` to configure, modularize and template Terraform and Kubernetes configurations

## [Mira Networks](http://www.miranetworks.net)

Uses `dhall-haskell` to define logs for parsing. The software generates a specific log parser in either Python, Haskell, Elm or Erlang.

## [NoRedInk](https://t.co/FTLTeyzykY)

Uses `dhall` to configure their build process
